Great now you've created the base for your island.
What we want to do next is we have all of these layers with each individual tectonic plate on it and
we don't want that.
So all these layers should be inside of your island folder.
what we're going to do is we are going to select all of them by starting with the top layer coming all
the way down to the bottom layer.
Hold down shift and select it.
And that will select all of your layers.
Now we're going to Right-Click them and go merge layers.
Now all of those layers have become one layer as you can see.
if we turn it off turns all of them off.
Now we want to go ahead and do the same thing for our floating islands.
So go ahead and paste.
And these guys will have to be shrunken down quite a bit but we'll just do the same exact thing.
We'll just reshape them in size them and put them into place.
Don't worry if they are I mean off this edge.
We'll go ahead and delete those by using our Lasso tool and you can just go ahead and delete.
So go ahead and do that.
Make sure that you create all of your tectonic plates in a new folder and name it floating island one
for this island and then call create a new folder and call it floating island 2.
So go ahead and continue doing that.
Make sure that you create two new folders for each floating island